Document `PlayerLanguageService` (#787)
player-ui/player: docs/site/src/content/docs/capabilities/cli.mdx

Plugins are the way to change runtime behavior of the CLI actions. This includes augmenting the behavior of the DSL compiler, language-service, and more.

### LSPPluginPlugin

The `LSPPluginPlugin` allows you to add custom [Language Service Plugins](../lsp#addlspplugin) to the Player CLI configuration. This enables you to extend the LSP functionality with custom validation, completion, hover information, and more.

**Usage:**

```typescript
import { LSPPluginPlugin } from "@player-ui/language-service";

const config = {
  plugins: [
    new LSPPluginPlugin([customPlugin1, customPlugin2])
  ]
};
```

For more information on creating Language Service Plugins, see the [LSP documentation](../lsp#addlspplugin).

### LSPTransformsPlugin

> The `LSPTransformsPlugin` allows you to add custom [XLR transform functions](../lsp#addxlrtransforms) to the Player CLI configuration. This enables you to extend the type system with custom transformations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `LSPTransformsPlugin` allows you to add custom [XLR transform functions](../lsp#addxlrtransforms) to the Player CLI configuration. This enables you to modify the types that are loaded into the LSP's SDK. This may be useful if there is functionality that is available via a Plugin but isn't part of core type definitions.
```

Suggesting this as an enhancement to explain a potential use case. Also because in the original text, the `type system` referred  to sentence `This enables you to extend the type system with custom transformations` reads to me as if this allows you to modify the _xlr_ type system with additional types which is not the case.
